Hmm
It will be the fourth time
Power generation appearance bird is gu
Service keep each other until the third game
It was the feeling that Mr. Fukui Yes quiet rising Well because that victory
Yes, but it is what it say You're Edo
This is the victory in Europe. Yes, as a Japanese, through men and women
It is the first thing, is it right?
I love you
Originally had a reputation for ground stroke, but its sense of stability has further increased
Oh, it will feel like Oh Olympic Olympics and piano are practice love reading 363
Breaking beneath
Murray is the eldest daughter of the three sisters, but we are riding on the momentum and have decided to advance to the third round, so wait
I think before the line judge
It is the luster and pinch of now
There is none
Hmm
Is the good weather lasts every day from the tournament begins
I needed in the back today but what is left now
Now it is only one Matsu player
Well last year is the best 16, so I have a dream 8 somehow somehow
I want to get
Alternate reading care
there is no
We entered the city where strong sunlight dropped
Currently Dyna
Tianjin best 16 wins this game
It took
Yes
I yes is that many
breakpoint
It Daimon
Currently 55
Mr. says west Mr. come gradually way down the waist Kanehai
I struck it out and spell
The first set has been closed but it is good
Jaguar
Come the end of the bullet King # 20 stand Rondo is is what that position 65
Most of the differences in this ranking are as far as this match
It feels like I will come, this is a vicious cycle-
The pressure on the next service is also 5th place for me to double fault
Well 2 games so far